== Building
For building this project one needs GNU make and either gcc-go or the go
suit. The makefile contains targets for both.

    make go  # build with the go suit
    make gcc # build with gcc-go

The result of make go is ./bin/main while the result of
make gcc is ./scs .

== Running
Either ./scs or ./bin/main (after building with make gcc or make go)
will start a server in the foreground.

The server is reporting EOF reads as errors, but this is expected.
The client sees none of these as errors.

The requested flags are supported, namely
  -items sets the maximum number of items allowed in the cache
  -port sets the listening port
The binding address is always 0.0.0.0.


== Testing
All basic cases work, and additionally:

  - Too long tokens detection: the maximum token sizes are respected
    and an error reported when they are exceeded
    (ERROR input too large)
  - Unrecognized commands are reported as
    ERROR no handler registered for this command
  - Various parsing errors are reported
    (for example no \r\n when a command is expected to end)

In addition to the parsing errors above, the following runtime
errors are reported
  - Attempting to store items beyond the cache's capacity
    (which has been set through the -items flag upon server
    startup)
    ERROR the cache is full

A basic testing script with the examples provided on the topcoder.com
description is provided. In addition, another test script which demonstrates
errors and error reporting is provided.

  test/simple.txt
  test/error*.txt

After each error, the connection is terminated, and therefore all error
testing cases are provided in separate files.
  error00: key too large
  error01: data too large
  error02: unrecognized command
  error025:unrecognized command after valid input
  error03: Parsing error -- too many tokens, expection end-of-command
  error04: storing beyong capacity (for this the server must be started with -items 1)

== Extending
Commands are implemented in an extensible manner.

The parser can accept dynamically parsing-handlers, each
of which reports the "name" of the command that it handlers.

This is implemented in the parser/action package.

Parsing actions are turned in commands, which are responsible
for carrying out the effects of each command.

Commands are also extensible and are handled polymorphically
by the server and the dispatcher.

These are implemented in the command/ package.


== Concurrency
The server offers "serving" for each input source, which can
be any ReadWriteCloser interface.

The amount of serving threads that are allowed to run
concurrently is parameterisable upon the server's construction.

The dispatcher on the other hand is responsible for executing
the parsed commands. The dispatcher hold a separate queue for
controlling how many jobs can be waiting at a time for execution.
This is also parameterisable upon the dispatcher's construction.

There is no concurrent modifications of the Cache, as all
requests end up being dispatched from a single-routine dispatching
call -- that of the dispatcher.


== Signal handling
In order to turn the server off, one can simply send the INTERRUPT
singal to the process.

This signal is caught and the server shuts down gracefully.

Any open connections are waited for, and then the process exist,
after also closing the listening port.
